# Final Project

by Johann Campos

## Setup

To use this toy program on your msp430, since you are already in the project
folder, simply enter "make" and "make load", and the necessary libraries
should be built and the program loaded.

##Instructions

Upon loading the program, you will now be greeted by a proper home screen,
showing you the options available to each button. Listed below are
elaborations on those options:

1. Button 1 on the leftmost side begins the "Count to Three" state machine,
which will wipe the screen to yellow and showing the numbers 0-3 consecutively
down the righthand side. On the left is handy rhythmic saying for you to jam
along to. Once all four numbers are counted, the righthand side of the board
specifically will be wiped clean, and the process will begin anew.
2. Button 2 to the right of Button 1 will begin "Squid Jump," easily the most
technically impressive part of the whole project. After the board loads in a white
squid on a brown board, you are then allowed to take control of said squid. If
you press and hold Button 2, the squid will shrink in size, eventually
flashing red to indicate the amount of energy you have stored. Whenever you're
satisfied, simply release the button, and the squid will fly up into the
air. Should you charge long enough, you'll accrue enough points to be declared
the winner!
3. Button 3 is a musical number for the Squid Sisters' "Calimari
Inkantantion." In my last project, there was accompanying music, but
unfortunately, I couldn't make that work. Instead, the squids are now taking
the place of the LEDs.
4. Button 4 was a last-minute edition for a pause menu. To some extent, it
works: It pauses. From there, if you press Button 3, you can see yourself
choosing between "Continue" and "Exit." Unfortunately, neither of these can
really be selected, and you must simply press a different button to enter a
different state.

##Cleanup

Once you're done, simply run "make clean" from this same "project" folder, and
everything generated by the program will be erased.

## Update 5/3/20

By experimenting with a test class within the lcdLib directory, I have
determined that the issue in part revolves around the use of the
**enableWDTInterrupts** command. It seems that for some reason (likely involving the
timer), this command and **lcd_init()** cannot coexist. Similarly, as is
demonstrated by this updated rendition of the toyMain class, **led_init()**
and **buzzer_init()** also clash with the **lcd_init()** method.

As of now, my project can act as either the state machine device from Project
2 or as a screen display for this project, but not both at once. Currently, I
have all the old initialization methods commented out, which prevents any of
their features from being used, instead allowing for the screen to update with
presses to each button.

Additionally, in an effort to make a state machine without a WDT interrupt
handler, I've placed the **state_advance()** call and **blink** incrementing
variable within the for loop used for changing the screen. If one were to
uncomment **led_init()** and **buzzer_init()** and comment out **lcd_init**,
this would serve as an okay replacement for the handler, but this does not
allow for the original timing of project 2 to be maintained.

## CURRENT ISSUES

I believe I have properly integrated the LCD library into this project, but I
cannot currently edit the screen using the **clearScreen()** function.

This rendition of the project is currently identitical to my second
submission, save the following files:

- toyMain.c
- stateMachines.c
- Makefile

In my **Makefile**, I incorporate the LCD library into my executable by adding
`../lib/libLcd.a` into the **toy.elf** command as shown below:

```
toy.elf: ${COMMON_OBJECTS} toyMain.o led.o stateMachines.o switches.o buzzer.o wd_interrupt_handler.o p2_interrupt_handler.o ../lib/libLcd.a ../lib/libTimer.a
```

In the two classes, I have included the relevant header files from the LCD
library as shown below:

```
#include <lcdutils.h>
#include <lcddraw.h>
```

Then, in the **main()** method of **toyMain.c**, I have added the line

```
clearScreen(COLOR_YELLOW)
```

Similarly, in the **count_to_three()** method of **stateMachines.c**, I have added
calls to the **clearScreen()** method in each of the cases.

The issues from here are as follows:

1. Everything compiles perfectly, suggesting that I have incorporated the LCD
library and all of its header files and methods correctly.
2. Despite this, when loading the program into my msp430, the screen is not
initially made yellow. Instead, the screen is filled with a colorful static of pixels.
3. I know that the calls to **clearScreen()** in my cases in the
**count_to_three** method() are being implemented, because the program is
slowing down with how much effort the system needs to spend running that
method; however, the screen is not actually changing colors, instead
maintaining the colorful static from before.

I hope that these issues can be resolved swiftly, and that there is simply one
big issue I am failing to notice. In the meantime, I can continue to program
this project as if the screen were working.

Thank you for your time,
Johann Campos
